I created a Device abstract class for all types of device to inherit. it inlude parameters of devices and file storage, which all kinds of devices need. Apart from constructor, getter and setter functions, I add a getFileContent function to get the content of the file to avoid calling a sequence of functions through classes. Besides, I implement an isInRange function to check a satellite is in the device's range. I had a deviceInfo function to get device's information, which will be called in getInfo function and will make getInfo function neat.
In terms of satellite, I created a Satellite abstract class for all types of satellites to inherit. Except parameters of satellites and file storage, every satellite would have field uploadingNum, downloadingNum, uploadBandwidth and downloadBandwidth for file transfer. Except constructor, getter and setter functions, function getFileContent, satelliteInfo and isInRange have similar behaviour as those funcitons in Device. move function is used to calculate the position of the satellites after one minute. Standard satellite and shrinking satellite have similar behaviour, while ralay satellite move specially. Thus the function will be override in class RelaySatellite. Function isStorageFull , storageFull, canUpload, canDownload, downloadSpeed and uploadSpeed are used for file transfer. Specifically, isStorageFull ckeck is the storage full. storageFull returns an error message when the storage is full. canUpload and canDownload returns true is the upload or download bandwidth is not full, and downloadSpeed and uploadSpeed returns the speed. Function isStorageFull and storageFull have different determine condition, so they will be override in Standard satellite and shrinking satellite. To simply call them, they are contain in Satellite abstract class.
File class is used to initialize files. Apart from simple fields and functions, availableSize and availableContent are used to simulate file transfer. size and content refer to the complete file, while availableSize and availableContent shows size and content has been transferred, which will change over time.
The relationship between File and Device should be composition, since files are special to a device. They record where they are from, and where they belongs to. If the device disappeared, the file is meaningless. Similarly, the relationship between File and Satellite should be composition.
In BlackoutController, I initialized an array of Device and an array of Satellite to store devices and satellites. I added some functions to keep the original functions clean and easy to understand.
The relationship between Device and Satellite should be composition, because in our setting they are only meaningful in BlackoutController.